[DOCS] Replaces outdated integration guides with redirects to versioned documentation (#8173)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/deployment_patterns/how_to_use_great_expectations_in_deepnote.md

sidebar_custom_props: { icon: 'img/integrations/deepnote_icon.png' }
---

> Deepnote is a Jupyter compatible, cloud-hosted, data science notebook that helps teams collaborate to discover, understand and share findings in their data stack. Integrating Great Expectations with Deepnote allows documentation to be hosted and notebooks to be scheduled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deepnote is a Jupyter compatible, cloud-hosted, data science notebook that helps organizations discover, understand, and share findings in their data stack. Integrate Great Expectations (GX) with Deepnote to host documentation and schedule notebooks. 
```

:::info 

> To use Great Expectations (GX) with Deepnote, see [How to use GX in Deepnote](/docs/0.15.50/deployment_patterns/how_to_use_great_expectations_in_deepnote) in version 0.15.50 of the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use GX with Deepnote, see [How to use GX in Deepnote](/docs/0.15.50/deployment_patterns/how_to_use_great_expectations_in_deepnote) in version 0.15.50 of the documentation.
```
